This is a reward from the emperor
If you damage the gift, you will be killed.
This dress was still in good condition when it was delivered to the Xinzheku.
You must be jealous that my empress washed it on purpose
You are blind
It was obviously cut with scissors.
If you want to wrong me, use some clever means
Still arguing
Servants testify
This dress was damaged by some washing machine he used.
Oh emperor
This Qin Guiren is unreasonable
The slave will teach her a lesson for you.
Don't have to
Let her know.
Only I can protect her in this palace
Witnesses and physical evidence are all there
It's up to you to quibble
Hold her down for me
Let go of me!
The dog slave is not quick to help.
It was you who scratched Ben Gong's clothes
I want to make an opening in you too